Record update (#76)
eka-care/eka-docs: api-reference/user-app/records/list-record-overview.mdx

---
title: Overview
---

# Fetching and Retrieving Health Records
<Note>
    This section provides an overview of fetching documents and retrieving health records.
</Note>

<Steps>
    <Step title="Fetch Documents Based on Filters">
        To get the list of all the records for a authenticated user, the client can use the **Fetch Documents** API.
        - **Description:** This API allows you to filter and retrieve a comprehensive list of records associated with a specific patient identified by their OID.
        - **API Reference:** [List Records](/api-reference/user-app/records/list-records)
    </Step>

    <Step title="Retrieve Health Records">
        To retrieve a health record based on the given `identifiers`, `hip_id` and `health_id`, the client should use the **Retrieve Health Records** API.

>         - **Description:** This API fetches a specific health record in NRCE FHIR JSON format, allowing for easy integration with health management systems.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
        - **Description:** This API fetches a specific health record in ABDM Health Data Interchange Specifications FHIR JSON format, allowing for easy integration with health management systems.
```
